README.md, before:

# pdv-az

The Redistricting Data Hub (RDH) repository to validate our data partners' precinct-level election result shapefiles. The scripts available in this repository are used to write the reports available at [redistrictrictingdatahub.org]([https://redistrictingdatahub.org/](https://redistrictingdatahub.org/)). 

We do not have most of the raw data sources available on this Github due to file constraints, but we are happy to share them if needed. 

Please reach out to info@redistrictingdatahub.org to reach our support team if you have any questions. 

## vest-az-2018

RDH's partner data validation for VEST's 2018 AZ file. VEST's raw file is available [here](https://dataverse.harvard.edu/file.xhtml?persistentId=doi:10.7910/DVN/UBKYRU/CYEKJ4&version=32.0).

RDH's report is available [here](https://redistrictingdatahub.org/dataset/vest-2018-arizona-precinct-and-election-results/).

## vest-az-2016

RDH's partner data validation for VEST's 2016 AZ file. VEST's raw file is available [here](https://dataverse.harvard.edu/file.xhtml?fileId=4422286&version=54.0).

RDH's report is available [here](https://redistrictingdatahub.org/dataset/vest-2016-arizona-precinct-and-election-results/).

## mggg-az

RDH's partner data validation for MGGG's AZ file. MGGG's raw file is available [here](https://github.com/mggg-states/AZ-shapefiles/blob/master/az_precincts.zip).

RDH's report is available [here](https://redistrictingdatahub.org/dataset/mggg-arizona-precincts-and-election-results/).

## pgp-az

Redundant directory, as PGP uses VEST's 2016 and 2018 data. PGP's raw file is available [here](https://openprecincts.org/az/).

Commit message:

Adding validation for VEST AZ 2020

README.md, after:

# pdv-az

The Redistricting Data Hub (RDH) repository to validate our data partners' precinct-level election result shapefiles. The scripts available in this repository are used to write the reports available at [redistrictrictingdatahub.org]([https://redistrictingdatahub.org/](https://redistrictingdatahub.org/)). 

We do not have most of the raw data sources available on this Github due to file constraints, but we are happy to share them if needed. 

Please reach out to info@redistrictingdatahub.org to reach our support team if you have any questions. 

## vest-az-2020

RDH's partner data validation for VEST's 2020 AZ file. VEST's raw file is available [here](https://dataverse.harvard.edu/file.xhtml?fileId=4773532&version=9.0).

RDH's report is available [here](https://redistrictingdatahub.org/dataset/vest-2020-arizona-precinct-and-election-results/).

## vest-az-2018

RDH's partner data validation for VEST's 2018 AZ file. VEST's raw file is available [here](https://dataverse.harvard.edu/file.xhtml?persistentId=doi:10.7910/DVN/UBKYRU/CYEKJ4&version=32.0).

RDH's report is available [here](https://redistrictingdatahub.org/dataset/vest-2018-arizona-precinct-and-election-results/).

## vest-az-2016

RDH's partner data validation for VEST's 2016 AZ file. VEST's raw file is available [here](https://dataverse.harvard.edu/file.xhtml?fileId=4422286&version=54.0).

RDH's report is available [here](https://redistrictingdatahub.org/dataset/vest-2016-arizona-precinct-and-election-results/).

## mggg-az

RDH's partner data validation for MGGG's AZ file. MGGG's raw file is available [here](https://github.com/mggg-states/AZ-shapefiles/blob/master/az_precincts.zip).

RDH's report is available [here](https://redistrictingdatahub.org/dataset/mggg-arizona-precincts-and-election-results/).

## pgp-az

Redundant directory, as PGP uses VEST's 2016 and 2018 data. PGP's raw file is available [here](https://openprecincts.org/az/).
