vest-az-2018/README.md, before:

# pdv-az
Partner data validation for Arizona, from VEST 2018. 

## Raw from source

### Accessible files
- File: VEST Arizona, 2018
  - Online: https://dataverse.harvard.edu/file.xhtml?persistentId=doi:10.7910/DVN/UBKYRU/CYEKJ4&version=32.0
  - Source: VEST, Harvard Dataverse
  - AWS: `az_2018.zip`
  - Accessed: 2/3/2021
  - Documentation file: 
    - Online: https://dataverse.harvard.edu/file.xhtml?fileId=4366213&version=32.0
    - AWS: `documentation.txt`
    - Accessed: 2/3/2021
- File: Election results, 2018
  - Online: https://azsos.gov/2018-election-information
  - Source: AZ Secretary of State
  - Accessed: 2/3/2021
  - Note: each county supplies its own format, there is a separate file for each county. We will try to use election results processed by MEDSL instead and see if the results are the same. 
- File: Election results, 2018 (cleaned)
  - Online: https://github.com/MEDSL/2018-elections-official
  - Source: MIT Election Data and Science Lab
  - AWS: `precinct_2018.zip`
  - Accessed: 2/3/2021
  - Note: this file is not listed by VEST. 

### Inaccessible files
- File: Precinct-level shapefile used by VEST
  - "Precinct shapefile from Arizona Secretary of State via personal communication."
  - Online: https://www.kaggle.com/azsecretaryofstate/arizona-statewide-precinct-shapefile?select=az_vtd_2018_new_pima.shp
  - Source: Kaggle, from Garret Archer
  - AWS: `az_vtd_2018_v2.zip`
  - Accessed: 2/3/2021
  - Note: VEST does not list their precinct shapefile. We will try to use the precinct shapefile that MGGG uses, made available on Kaggle by Garret Archer, formerly Senior Elections Analyst with the Arizona Secratary of State and currently a Data Analyst with ABC15 Arizona. 

## Notes
Offices & parties covered on the VEST file: 
 - USS: U.S. Senate (R,D,G,Write-in)
 - GOV: Governor (R,D,G,WI)
 - SOS: Secretary of State (R,D,WI)
 - ATG: Attorney General (R,D,WI)
 - TRE: Treasurer (R,D,WI)
 - SPI: Superintendent of Public Instruction (R,D,WI)
 - MNI: State Mine Inspector (R,D,WI)

## Processing
`az_vest_2018.ipynb`: validation script & comments for report

Commit message:

updating bc of vest file update

vest-az-2018/README.md, after:

# pdv-az
Partner data validation for Arizona, from VEST 2018. 

## Raw from source

### Accessible files
- File: VEST Arizona, 2018
  - Online: https://dataverse.harvard.edu/file.xhtml?persistentId=doi:10.7910/DVN/UBKYRU/CYEKJ4&version=32.0
  - Source: VEST, Harvard Dataverse
  - AWS: `az_2018.zip`
  - Accessed: 3/2/2021
  - Previous version of the file is: `az_2018_vest_v1.zip` (vest version 32), accessed 2/3/2021
  - Documentation file: 
    - Online: https://dataverse.harvard.edu/file.xhtml?fileId=4366213&version=33.0
    - AWS: `documentation.txt`
    - Accessed: 2/3/2021
- File: Election results, 2018
  - Online: https://azsos.gov/2018-election-information
  - Source: AZ Secretary of State
  - Accessed: 2/3/2021
  - Note: each county supplies its own format, there is a separate file for each county. We will try to use election results processed by MEDSL instead and see if the results are the same. 
- File: Election results, 2018 (cleaned)
  - Online: https://github.com/MEDSL/2018-elections-official
  - Source: MIT Election Data and Science Lab
  - AWS: `precinct_2018.zip`
  - Accessed: 2/3/2021
  - Note: this file is not listed by VEST. 

### Inaccessible files
- File: Precinct-level shapefile used by VEST
  - "Precinct shapefile from Arizona Secretary of State via personal communication."
  - Online: https://www.kaggle.com/azsecretaryofstate/arizona-statewide-precinct-shapefile?select=az_vtd_2018_new_pima.shp
  - Source: Kaggle, from Garret Archer
  - AWS: `az_vtd_2018_v2.zip`
  - Accessed: 2/3/2021
  - Note: VEST does not list their precinct shapefile. We will try to use the precinct shapefile that MGGG uses, made available on Kaggle by Garret Archer, formerly Senior Elections Analyst with the Arizona Secratary of State and currently a Data Analyst with ABC15 Arizona. 

## Notes
Offices & parties covered on the VEST file: 
 - USS: U.S. Senate (R,D,G,Write-in)
 - GOV: Governor (R,D,G,WI)
 - SOS: Secretary of State (R,D,WI)
 - ATG: Attorney General (R,D,WI)
 - TRE: Treasurer (R,D,WI)
 - SPI: Superintendent of Public Instruction (R,D,WI)
 - MNI: State Mine Inspector (R,D,WI)

## Processing
`az_vest_2018.ipynb`: validation script & comments for report
